evolve 
Synonym - grow, develop, update, uplift, change, upgrade
Antonym- stable, constant, stunted, Degrade
noun - evaluation, evolutionary
varb - evolved 
Example: 
1) Technology has constsntly evolved.
2) We humans are evolving day by day.
3) AI is evolving day by day.
4) Evaluation is an important part of life.

phenomenon:
Synonym -  A thing , situation, a condition

Example:
1) Technology is phenomenon which is constantly evolving.
2) This is their old phenomenon.


Questions to Prepare:
1) Why am i here?
-->I'm here to learn and fluient in english.
2) What is meant by software industry and what is IT industry?
3) What is a software and types of software?
4) What is a difference between software and hardware and which one is more important?
5) What is meant by full-stack developer? in detail asked in next lecture.
6) What is meant by software developer?
--> A person developing virtual things with coding and other environment and tools.
7) Why IT?
8) What is called as SDLC?
9) What is STLC?
10) Difference between SDLC and STLC.
11) What is Data?
-> Data is a next form of information.
12) Types of Data.
13) What is Database? Why do we use Database? Types of Databases.



sarcastic
Synonym: Comedy,
1) Sarcasim is good for health however you are completly responsible for consequencies.
2) Sarcastic is a good way to convey something.
3) 

consequences:
Example:
1)Riya is a responsible for consequences.
2) Overuse of screen have multiple consequences on our mental health.


1) What willbe the key highlights of yourself?
--> (Mention yourself with unique work you have done!)
	Technical Skills, Qualifiaction, Unique Projects you have done, Certifications, Experiance (in Inetrnship), Participetion in any Compitation.




Rapport
Synonym - Connection Building, Connection with the other person with emotional level, Establishing a great base, Ice-Breaker
In Rapport Building - Look for Common grounds/things, Try to be like them, Observe them.

Smile Rule:
Gental Smile, Genuine Smile, Proper Eye Contact, Acceptable body language, 

Introductory Questions:
Self Introduction, 
HR: How are you?
Stud: I'm good/great/fine/ going well/!. Thank you for asking/consideration, If you don't mine, How are You Sir/Ma'am?

HR: How is your day?/How is your day going?/ How was your day?
Stud: Day is going good. Start with good and i hope the day ends with good note. 
---------------------------
Thank you for asking(Use only not used previos answer). it is very well going. I did / completed / finished daily task as today is a special day hence(So) Went to the temple and took blessings from god. (Also feeled with mixes emotions) Now sitting here and hoping that the day ends on the same note.
---------------------
It is quit busy/ hptic. Such as littlebit exited littlebit nourvus. Today is a day which i was waiting.


HR: Introduce yourself/ Self-Introduction/ Tell me someting about yourself/ Describe yourself?
->(It is an open ended question: you have complete freedom to tell what you want but ready for cross-question) Next question depends on last response. 
	What is important for the candidate.
	How the candidate can handle onen ended questions.
	
	

HR: Where do you come from.
HR: Where do you belong to.
HR: Which is your native place.(HomeTown)
HR: Explain weakness / Goal / Hobbies

IF YOU HAVE DONE GROUP PROJECT USE 'OUR PROJECT WAS'
Don't make Strength and Weakness in Self Introduction.
























